Document Safari's lack of *.localhost domain support (#36374)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/test/localhost-tld.md

## Browser compatibility

While most modern evergreen browsers automatically resolve `*.localhost` names to the local loopback address, Safari on macOS doesn't support this feature. In Safari, you should use the regular `localhost` name instead of `*.localhost` domain names.

> Other apps might treat `*.localhost` names as regular domain names and attempt to resolve them via their corresponding DNS stack. If your DNS configuration doesn't resolve `*.localhost` names to an address, they fail to connect. You can continue to use the regular `localhost` name to address your apps when not in a web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other client apps might treat `*.localhost` names as regular domain names and attempt to resolve them via their corresponding DNS stack. If your DNS configuration doesn't resolve `*.localhost` names to an address, they fail to connect. You can continue to use the regular `localhost` name to address your apps when not in a web browser.
```

> Other client apps might treat `*.localhost` names as regular domain names and attempt to resolve them via their corresponding DNS stack. If your DNS configuration doesn't resolve `*.localhost` names to an address, they fail to connect. You can continue to use the regular `localhost` name to address your apps when not in a web browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some client apps other than Safari and evergreen web browsers treat `*.localhost` names as regular domain names and attempt to resolve them via their corresponding DNS stack. If your DNS configuration doesn't resolve `*.localhost` names to an address, they fail to connect. You can continue to use the regular `localhost` name to address your apps when not in a web browser.
```
